In this world...
Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
Go back to the sheath that protects you.
Go back to Griffith!
Don't glower at me like that.
I'm offering you all the fun you want right before setting out for the afterlife.
What's wrong? Are you embarrassed?
I'm unable to push this bastard aside...
My... My arm is so powerless...
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
Bonfire of Dreams
Don't even think about biting your tongue off.
It'd be a shame if you died before we finished our fun.
Do you want to die in a place like this?
Go back to the sheath that protects you.
I won't bite my tongue off.
Oh no, she's been driven to despair.
Can't you resist a little so we can get turned on?
But...
I won't let you rape me either!
What?
Bitch!
You'll pay for that!
I'll kill you!
You better lay off now.
Judeau!
She's the only woman in our troop.
It'll cost you.
Unbelievable!
He's beaten almost half my hundred men in spite of his wounds...
I admit this is no fluke.
What was that?
There are fifty of you still alive?
It'll be dawn by the time I get around to cracking all your heads.
Don't let up!
He barely has the strength to stand!
Defeat him now!
What am I doing here?
In a miserable place like this...
It's not worth risking my life for this...
Am I fighting for Casca?
No, that can't be it...
I don't have time to think now.
I should concentrate on wielding my sword...
...and killing... Nothing more...
Sorry I was late.
It took quite a while to persuade those big shots we needed to rescue you.
H-Hey...
You must run...
He... Guts...
Hurry!
What happened to Guts?
This way, quickly!
Someone, give her your shoulder!
I don't need it!
He...
He stayed to fight the enemy alone so that I could get away...
We've got to hurry, or...
Let's move!
Let us get there in time...
Please let us get there in time!
Here it is!
Oh, my God...
Is this for real?
I see almost a hundred men lying here.
Did he really do all this by himself?
Guts...
Guts!
Those look like fatal wounds... Guts!
Come on, you're only joking, right?
Hey, Guts!
Guts!
Stop shaking me...
It'll aggravate my wounds.
Guts...
Out of the way now!
Move it!
It's an emergency!
Make way for us!
It's no big deal!
I can walk on my own!
Don't move. Your injuries will worsen!
Hey, they're back!
Damn it, he is alive after all.
Guts!
Hey, ouch!
That hurts!
You'll heal faster without anesthetic, so just bear it.
Shit!
I'm not a torn shirt you're sewing up!
Okay, I'm done now.
What a guy!
With wounds like yours, most men wouldn't be able to stay conscious.
How's his condition?
Well, he's no longer in danger, but I prescribe total bed rest for him!
Total bed rest?
Then what you're saying is...
In other words, he should not continue on this expedition.
No way!
Bullshit!
I'll stick with you all until the end, even if I have to crawl after you!
Ridiculous!
If you go back into battle, I can't guarantee your survival.
Guarantee my survival?
Whoever heard of a thing like that in battle?
It's out of the question!
Oh, suit yourself!
Oh, well... We should be happy things ended up this way!
The two of you are back safe and sound.
Where is Griffith, anyway?
Griffith is at headquarters for the war council.
He set out this morning.
Oh no.
He won't come back until tomorrow.
And they finally came back too.
What bad timing!
Casca, aren't you going to get looked at?
I'm fine.
After all... it's not as though I got wounded.
But you had a fever, didn't you?
Oh!
What's going on?
Seriously, we were worried that the worst might have happened.
For once, we need to thank Commander Guts.
Sorry for having worried you all.
I'm glad you're safe, big sister.
But Captain Griffith is cold at heart.
Even if he did have to attend a war council or whatever...
Watch your mouth.
Oh, I am sorry, big sister...
Casca.
Can I have your ear for a moment?
What's the matter?
Well, I want to tell you this.
When I asked Griffith to send a search party to rescue you two...
...those nobles spoke against us, making objections of all kinds.
But...
Griffith really put his foot down.
Those two are key to us.
I cannot afford to lose them.
Griffith said that...
That's right. My hat's off to you two.
To think that he values you so much he'd say something like that!
Honestly, I felt a little jealous.
Oh, hey, I almost forgot about this.
Give this to the big guy who killed a hundred men.
It's medicine?
I got this from a company of traveling players I used to work for.
You may not believe it...
...but it is made from fairy dust.
Fairy dust?
That's impossible!
I know you doubt it.
But it works wonders, and the effect is guaranteed.
It saved my life a couple of times. Trust me.
Such a precious thing of yours...
Don't worry.
I think it's a fairly good deal, a hundred men for one pack of medicine.
Thank you, Judeau.
She's acting so girlish all of a sudden...
Guts...
What's going on?
Wouldn't it be better if you slept?
I can't sleep because my body is burning.
Up here I feel at ease, and it's much cooler.
Hey... Don't move.
The pain... ...is subsiding.
What is this?
Judeau gave it to me.
It's some kind of secret medicine.
Now turn your back.
You know...
...there's nothing for you to worry yourself over.
I only did that for my own sake.
It wasn't for you in particular.
I'd rather fight with my sword than run away. It's my nature.
That was the only reason...
You fought a hundred men with your sword because it's your nature?
Yeah, that's it.
Besides, I had to give that bastard some payback.
I don't recall anything clearly since I was caught up in swinging my sword.
But to tell you the truth, I couldn't get something out of my head...
Fighting against a hundred men...
...means nothing... ...compared to what you are doing.
Not only you, but Griffith too...
You two have something important enough to stake your lives on.
I think it's great. I mean it.
Compared to your purpose...
...my random battles against a hundred men or even a thousand...
...seem insignificant.
Guts...
Some view, huh?
Gaston doesn't think he's very suited to army life.
After the war...
...he wants to start a tailoring business with the money he's earned.
He's good with his hands, though he may not look like it.
Nichol proposed to a woman, but she refused.
She didn't want to marry a common soldier.
He wants to get promoted as soon as possible so he can ask her again.
That's why he is reckless and tends to overextend himself in battle.
It seems that everyone is still betting on their unrequited hopes.
Looking over all of them from here, it makes me think that I can see...
...their little dreams and hopes...
...flickering in each light.
Like a bonfire of dreams...
That was beautiful...
I thought it was the princess talking.
Don't say that!
But you're right.
I think that each one of them...
...shine their own wisps of light when they gather together.
Yeah, and to keep those faint lights from withering out...
...they join their light with the strongest flame of all...
A powerful fire called Griffith...
But...
...you won't find my light among them.
I guess I'm just someone who stopped to warm up by the bonfire.
Guts...
As long as I have my sword to fight with, I know I can survive any battle.
That's how it's always turned out for me till now.
Before joining the Band of the Hawk, I alone always survived...
...even in hopeless, losing battles.
It happened again this time...
But you know, surviving these battles really doesn't mean anything.
I've been fighting for as long as I can remember.
The mercenary leader who raised me...
...taught me nothing except how to wield a sword.
I've never had anything except my sword.
I don't want to die.
But even still, throughout all this time...
I continue to fight...
...because wielding a sword is all I know.
Back there, I was ready to commit myself solely to fighting...
...and leave it to others to find a real reason to fight for.
Guts...
Anyway, I guess all that sounds kind of dumb.
I'm wondering why I told you all that...
Pretty pathetic.
I'm wondering the same thing.
Guts... ...are you thinking of...
Are you going to leave the Band of the Hawk?
Guts...
I said that I was going to fight in this war until the end, no matter what.
What will you do afterwards?
Guts!
Casca!
Griffith is back!
He heard that you were safe...
...so he changed his schedule to come back here a day early!
Welcome back!
Captain!
Glad you're safe!
Oh, Commander Guts!
Hey.
Griffith, I apologize.
I held everyone back. It's my fault...
Despite my physical condition...
...I went into battle and made a mess of things.
I even put my entire company in danger.
Not only that, I put Guts and his Raiders at risk as well.
I'm not qualified to be a commander!
I will accept any punishment...
W-What are you doing, you idiot!
Welcome back.
Go for it, Commander!
Jump on me too!
All right, let's all go and get a drink!
Are you sure, Commander?
In your condition?
Shut up, the alcohol will disinfect my body from the inside!
I'm not responsible for this.
Let's celebrate the hundred-man fight!
What's the matter?
Nothing...
Is he...
...serious about leaving?
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
There are things that man must one day put behind him once and for all.
There are barriers that man must one day find a way to overcome.
Head held high, eyes on the horizon, he will move forward...
In the eyes of the young...
...how transient is life and death?
The Decisive Battle